docs(template): document the reactive context (#360)
rx-angular/rx-angular: libs/template/docs/reactive-context.md

> # The Reactive Context 

Author: ```suggestion
# The extended reactive context in RxAngular
```

If we think about any process, e. g. a http request, we can differentiate different states in it. 

> The request can start, result in a result or throws an error. After that the process is completed.

Author: ```suggestion
The request can start, result in a valid response or throws an error. After that the process is completed.
```

> This fits to pretty much any process, thy just differ in the number of emissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This fits pretty much any process, they just differ in the number of emissions.
```
I think some typo got in ;) Is this the way it should be?

> This fits pretty much any process, they just differ in the number of emissions.

Author: ```suggestion
These states fit pretty much any process, they just differ in the number of emissions.
```

[`RxJS`](http://www.rxjs.dev) for example, maintains 3 different channels:
- `next`
- `error`
- `complete` 

Where `next` can have zero to infinite emissions, and `error` and `complete` zero to 1 emissions.

This differentiation works perfect in code, however when we start to project those channels and their changes into HTML
we sometimes end up implementing a hack for another potential state that is not provided by Angular.
 

> In the above example with the http request, we may want to indicates that the process was started, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example with the http request, we may want to indicate, that the process was started, 
```

but no result, neither a value nor an error or complete arrived yet from the process.

> This leads to not only clutter HTML, but more worse to `eager template`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This leads not only to a cluttered HTML, but, what's worse, to the `eager template`.
```
"More worse" is just "worse" ;)

        {{s}},{{hero}},{{e}},{{c}}
<ng-container>
```

The respective typings look like that:
```typescript
// TemplateManager - view context
interface RxViewContext<T> {
  $rxSuspense: boolean;
  $implicit: T; // next
  $rxError: false | Error;
  $rxComplete: boolean;
}
```

Another situation where you will find the extended reactive context channels is when you use the `renderCallback` in the template: 

```typescript
readonly renderCallback$ = new Subject<string>();
```

```html
<ng-template let-content
  [rxLet]="content$"
  (rendered)="onTemplateRendered($event)">
  {{ content }}
</ng-template>
```

or in the class:

```typescript
 @ViewChild(LetDirective) rxLet: LetDirective<string>;
 this.rxLet.rendered.subscribe(value => console.log('afterRender', value));
```

In both cases the type of $event is `RxNotification` which is typed like this:

```typescript
import { Notification } from 'rxjs';
export type RxNotificationKind = 'rxSuspense' | 'rxNext' | 'rxError' | 'rxComplete';
type NotificationExtract = 'value' | 'hasValue' | 'error';
export type RxNotification<T> = Pick<Notification<T>, NotificationExtract> & { kind: RxNotificationKind };
```

---

> As a sum up we now know that `rx-angular/template` provides an extended reactive context with the `suspense` channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a sum up we now know that `@rx-angular/template` provides an extended reactive context with the `suspense` channel.
```
